if the economy collapses you ain't going
toing trade your way out of it I was a
successful Trader right I run a YouTube
channel now we talk about trading like a
little bit it's not a trading Channel we
mainly talk about this economic disaster
and trying to stop it it's a political
Channel essentially the number one
question I get asked on that
channel told me how to make money it's
funny and at the same time it's a bit
heartbreaking yeah have you ever heard
this story like there's two guys in the
forest right and they see a bear one of
them bends down and starts tying up a
Sho like
and the other one says to him why T
you're not going to out run a bear guy
goes I don't need to out run a bear mate
I just need to out run you yeah
yeah when I when I get these messages
I'm reminded of that story but there's
like 20 Bears you know
this if the economy collapses you ain't
going to trade your way out of it